.TH _printf C "2021" "" "C Library"

.SH NAME

_printf

.SH DESCRIPTION
The functions in the _printf() family produce output according to
a format as described below.
Format of the format string
he format string is a character string, beginning and ending in
       its initial shift state, if any.  The format string is composed
       of zero or more directives: ordinary characters (not %), which
       are copied unchanged to the output stream; and conversion
       specifications, each of which results in fetching zero or more
       subsequent arguments.  Each conversion specification is
       introduced by the character %, and ends with a conversion
       specifier.
 Conversion specifiers
A character that specifies the type of conversion to be applied.
       The conversion specifiers and their meanings are:

       d, i   The int argument is converted to signed decimal notation.
              The precision, if any, gives the minimum number of digits
              that must appear; if the converted value requires fewer
              digits, it is padded on the left with zeros.  The default
              precision is 1.  When 0 is printed with an explicit
              precision 0, the output is empty.
c      If no l modifier is present, the int argument is converted
              to an unsigned char, and the resulting character is
              written.  If an l modifier is present, the wint_t (wide
              character) argument is converted to a multibyte sequence
              by a call to the wcrtomb(3) function, with a conversion
              state starting in the initial state, and the resulting
              multibyte string is written.
 s      If no l modifier is present: the const char * argument is
              expected to be a pointer to an array of character type
              (pointer to a string).  Characters from the array are
              written up to (but not including) a terminating null byte
              ('\0'); if a precision is specified, no more than the
              number specified are written.  If a precision is given, no
              null byte need be present; if the precision is not
              specified, or is greater than the size of the array, the
              array must contain a terminating null byte.

%      A '%' is written.  No argument is converted.  The complete
              conversion specification is '%%'.


RETURN VALUE
Upon successful return, these functions return the number of
       characters printed (excluding the null byte used to end output to
       strings).



LamineJemli, Ahmed belhassen AKA"belha", Rami louhibi AKA"Ritii"        _PRINTF()

